This program was written with assistance from GitHub CoPilot, and was done so to prevent any critical errors from being present in the final iteration. CoPilot generated the df.columns() segment of the second function, which before used separate lines of code to strip, set lowercase, and rewrite the imported dataframe. CoPilot provided the suggestion that in the function handle_missing_values that the .astype should refer to ("string") rather that (str) to prevent values such as "nan" from being ignored later in the program. It also suggested that in between the string assignment and the later lines that the dataframe should interpret all empty values and Not A Number.

Modifications were made to the initial CoPilot code to allow for ease of use and prevent errors from blocking code from operating as intended. THe use of (errors="coerce") was added to cause the program to ignore any problematic values and consider them Not A Number for the sake of simple use. Comments were included after each function to summarize their purpose to viewers revising the code and to provide context to CoPilot as the debugging process was underway.

Data cleaning with CoPilot as a tool provided one primary drawback, that being its reliance on detailed, specific prompts made it less convenient that referring to previous coding assignments or internet forums for ideas on how to translate my idea for the program into the actual code itself. GitHub CoPilot also disconnected during a session, leading to my conclusion that the resource be used when assistance could not reliably be found and when the solutions suggested were more functional than I previously considered.